feat(router): switch to v2 routing store by default (#11935)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/feat-11935.en.md

Switch to the new `v2` routing store schema by default. New schema improves both subscription and routing performance, especially so for scenarios with concurrent subscriptions to topic filters sharing common wildcard prefixes, at the cost of slightly increased memory usage. This schema also eliminates the need for a separate index, thus inconsistencies in the routing state rarely encountered in previous versions should no longer be possible.

> Full non-rolling cluster upgrade or restart is required to switch to the new default, otherwise the former schema will still be in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a cluster is rolling upgraded from older version, the cluster will continue to use `v` store until a full cluster (non-rolling) restart happens.
```
